Endora to town where nothing much ever
happens
[Music]
this is where I live with my family
doctor said we'd be lucky if Barney
lived to be 10 I could go at any time
Barney don't be rude some days you want
to do live some days you don't
what is this gonna stop and then there's
mama you see with Mama there's no nice
way to break it to you she's not all
that big Gilbert I saw the State Fair it
was a little bit bigger I've always been
like this I've always been like this
Calbert delivery later if nothing ever
happens here
it's those lobsters in there why does it
always happen to me
[Music]
sometimes I just want to stick her head
and have it a turn on the gas I don't
know where to go
[Music]
we're taking him in we've warned you we
warned your sisters they say there's a
reason for everything
maybe someday I'll figure out what it is
[Music]
oh look - praying mantis you know have a
mate the male will sneak up on the
female and show them bite off his head
and the rest of his body will people are
mating and then when they're done she'll
eat him
[Music]